From: https://www.poetrysoup.com/poem/teacher_or_cheater_1146586
I cannot believe she’s a teacher
Perhaps she’s an alien creature
She’s constantly crawlin’
Her speelings appawlin’
Like Tiger Woods she is a cheater!

* Some years ago Tiger was discovered to be cheating on his wife so perhaps Tiger should be re named cheetah! Also the word teacher is an anagram of cheater!

Back to me
 This my nothing-happy,
my stone-faced bliss,
this is my sweet release
from grinning artifice.
I am floating on zero,
life-sloughed and stuff-free,
I am guileless, I am tribeless,
I am back to me.



19 May 2019
For Dial it Back Contest
Sponsored by Maureen McGreavy

Life Spent All Alone 

I felt such joy when first my hull met sea.
'Twas years ago before my shattered shell
Was tossed and ravaged, fisherman and me
As we grew old together, now I tell

The story of our lonely life at sea.
There was a maiden who he loved in youth.
A lightning strike took her, 'twas destiny.
He never loved again, that is the truth.

Daily he sadly fished in sun or rain,
Her memory and me his only friend,
Kept company in tune with heartfelt pain.
I remained with him 'till the very end.

I spend my days alone, my time is cast, 
Thus I know, he is with his love at last.

         5-13-19 

Choices Poetry Contest 
Sponsor Sara Kendrick
Picture # 2
Life Spent All Alone 

One April Day
 One April day when spring was in the air,
I stepped outside so I might relish it.
I came upon a cherry tree so fair,
beneath its limbs I was enticed to sit.

I fell to sleep inhaling fragrant bliss -
the vision of the tree still in my brain.
I dreamed one sweet, pink petal, like a kiss,
fell on my cheek, and soon there was a rain. . . 

A rain of lovely silken blossoms! Then
they softly made a pile upon the ground.
Warm wind embraced me; that’s the moment when 
I woke to pink resplendence all around!

I gleefully shook blossoms from my hair
one April day when spring was in the air.

May 16, 2019 
for Dale Gregory Cozart's 'Nature Scene-Orphan Sonnet' Contest 
Copyright © Andrea Dietrich | Year Posted 2019

Life, To Me  Premiere Contest Winner
Poet's Notes(Hide) (Show)
Become a Premium Member and post notes and photos about your poem like Gregory R Barden.



 
Colors daubed for seasons' scenes
          I sift through life for what it means
               In spite of chaos, shades and flings
     It comes down to the simple things

The mountain tops, the dark abyss'
          Have ground my egos down to this
               Of all the chance and spheres I'm of
     Life's worth and essence is ... but LOVE

Indeed, I've lived big moments, too
          The raptures and sweet rendezvous
               Moving mountains - burning skies
     Bright lilting lashes, soft lullabies

Shedding poisons like second skin
          Too few dreams to wear them in
               I dared the devil, danced with death
     Swore for mercy's whisp'ring breath

So just when ends seemed all to be
          This extra chance was proffered me
               Don't take for granted or yet waste
     That vigor gained from rigors faced

Don't tend concerns to end or start
          It's what's between that fills a heart
               True meaning - love's enduring kiss
     A life's no less or more ... than THIS.




~ 1st Place ~  in the "The Meaning of Life" Poetry Contest, Chantelle Anne Cooke, Sponsor.

Copyright © Gregory R Barden | Year Posted 2019

Summer
 A hot and humid day floats merrily on the seas
As tiny bikinis amble in sandy footprints
And frolic in the motives of soft ocean breeze 
Building sand-castle dreams with playful hints

Hazy hues occupy the environs of a blue sky 
As pouring rains flood the tapestry on the arc
When hurriedly blue herons lift-up and fly
Escaping before the flash of a thunderous spark

In a floral garden tempt lavender intimations
Where nearing their beehives honeybees swarm
Skipping the ambiance of fiery red carnations
Subdued by sudden outburst of a fleeting storm

Above the horizon now rainbow colors sprout
Glorifying the moodiness of this season's reign--
Gloominess takes its place when sun opts out
As sunshine comes and goes, and so does the rain

The long day cedes to evening, buzzing in the park
And there by the sidewalks pink rose-blooms sway
Charmed by the bird songs in mating calls of lark
As sunset paints ruby tinges upon a golden display

May 12, 2019
Copyright © Vijay Pandit | Year Posted 2019

Night Shoes
 (iambic tetrameter)

The curtains fell and wrapped the stage
as lights and accolades became
another yesterday once more.
Another night and one more show,
another play that doesn't last
beyond the venue alley ways.
Applause became a murmur and
the shuffle of impatient shoes
now slowly faded out the door.
The Company is dressed and gone,
an eerie quiet stalked the din
and chased it through the backstage halls.
Conspicuous, the silence fell
when last the alley door was locked,
no one to care if I was late,
no one to listen for the gate
that creaked at midnight's lonely bells
as sixteen times Westminster tolled
just where the Phantom truly walks
in night shoes where the echoes talk.
Copyright © craig cornish | Year Posted 2019

Obscure Land of Lights
 A sweep of milky waves flood onyx sands
converging under endless summer skies
of northern lights in iridescent bands
Icelandic talismans of tales sublime.

A glassy sea of crystalline degrees
sustain a mass of icebergs in its pews
that lift their icy eyes in melting pleas
to wrest the dying of their waning hues. 

Aurora beams reflect unearthly lights
against tall umber cliffs that stand below
the vivid landscape raises to grand heights 
a trippy, tie dyed phosphorescent show. 

In seldom witnessed, lonely obscure lands
a sweep of milky waves flood onyx sands. 




Written on 5/21/2019
Copyright © Laura Leiser | Year Posted 2019

Obscure Land of Lights
 A sweep of milky waves flood onyx sands
converging under endless summer skies
of northern lights in iridescent bands
Icelandic talismans of tales sublime.

A glassy sea of crystalline degrees
sustain a mass of icebergs in its pews
that lift their icy eyes in melting pleas
to wrest the dying of their waning hues. 

Aurora beams reflect unearthly lights
against tall umber cliffs that stand below
the vivid landscape raises to grand heights 
a trippy, tie dyed phosphorescent show. 

In seldom witnessed, lonely obscure lands
a sweep of milky waves flood onyx sands. 




Written on 5/21/2019
Copyright © Laura Leiser | Year Posted 2019

The Meaning Of Life


Since I've resolved to laugh at life-
   find humor in its flaws,
      and realize that stress and strife
are shaped by worldly laws;

Since I've resolved to compromise
   with dreams that can't come true,
      yet listen to my inner cries-
to follow those anew;

Since I've resolved to meet the test
   of strengths by which I live-
      and always do my honest best
to trust and to forgive;

Since I've resolved- my love to share
   with every kin and friend,
      set time aside to listen, care-
their sorrows ease, transcend;

Since I've resolved to ply my skills
   expressed through words and art,
      feel the sweet joy each piece fulfills-
to share my thoughts and heart;

Since I've resolved that time on earth
   is but a short-lived stay-
      fine-tuning for my greater worth
neath heaven's golden ray;

Since I've resolved to set life free-
   embrace it- scarce or rife.
      I now accept, with joy to see-
the meaning of my life.


Sandra M. Haight

~5th Place~
Premiere Contest: The Meaning Of Life
Sponsor: Chantelle Anne Cooke
Judged: 05/29/2019
Copyright © Sandra Haight | Year Posted 2019

Special thanks to a wonderful poetry pal for introducing me to the word 'pellucid' which inspired the first line of the poem, without her inspiration the poem would never have been written. Sadly like many of my friends, she is no longer active on the site
 Mountains mirrored on a pellucid lake,
not a cloud in the cornflower blue sky.
At one with nature with each step I take,
I ascend these emerald hills on high.
 
A patchwork quilted field spreads before me, 
with xanthic gorse and lavender heather.
I imbibe the pastoral scenes I see,
thrilling views in such warm golden weather
 
I walk on the verdant hillside for hours,
admiring all the flora and fauna,
taking photos of scarlet wild flowers
then bask in sun like a green iguana!
 
A sight to behold, I view at daybreak;
mountains mirrored on a pellucid lake.

Nature Scene-Orphan Sonnet Poetry Contest

Sponsored by Dale Gregory Cozart

6/3/19

Copyright © JAN ALLISON | Year Posted 2019



From: http://www.fun-with-words.com/anag_short_long.html

BORED? Play our free word games – INTERACTIVE HANGMAN

Here's some clever long anagrams of the famous "to be or not to be" monologue from Shakespeare's Hamlet. And an amusing anagram of Neil Armstrong's moon landing quote.
Also on this page: Anagram Poetry, and at the bottom of the page, one-word anagrams (synanagrams).


Long Anagrams
To be or not to be: that is the question; whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune...	In one of the Bard's best-thought-of tragedies our insistent hero, Hamlet, queries on two fronts about how life turns rotten.1
To be or not to be: that is the question; whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing, end them?	1. Is a befitting quote from one of Shakespeare's greatest tragedies. But why won't Hamlet's inspiring motto toss our stubborn hero's tortuous battle for life, on one hand, and death, on another?2
2. I wrote all of Shakespeare's plays, and the wife and I got together, did most of his sonnets for our entertainment. But tormentors oft attribute that our brash quotes as being bogus. O! no! no! no!3
'That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.' Neil Armstrong	A thin man ran... makes a large stride... left planet... pins flag on moon... on to Mars!4

Anagram Poems
The poem below, in blue, was written by Shel Silverstein. Below it, in red, is an anagram of the poem created by Meyran Kraus. It scans and rhymes well, paraphrasing the original remarkably closely. Such anagrams take a lot of time and patience to produce.
The Little Boy and the Old Man
Shel Silverstein

Said the little boy, "Sometimes I drop my spoon."
Said the old man, "I do that too."
The little boy whispered, "I wet my pants."
"I do that too," laughed the little old man.
Said the little boy, "I often cry."
The old man nodded, "So do I."
"But worst of all," said the boy, "it seems
Grown-ups don't pay attention to me."
And he felt the warmth of a wrinkled old hand.
"I know what you mean," said the little old man.
And here is the anagram poem:

The Tot and the Elder
Olin Foblioso & Billy Foblioso

The tiny tot went: "When I eat I mess up."
The elder replied: "O, that makes two of us."
"I soil myself," went the tot with shame
And the elder added: "O, I do the same."
On the tot told him: "I sob a lot."
"O, not only you," answered gramps to the tot.
"And what's totally bad," the tiny tot told,
"I think mom and dad don't love me at all."
While grandpa simply, pitiably smiled,
then said: "O, I understand, my child."

One Word Anagrams
And from the long to the short. Here are some words that are anagrams of other words (sometimes called synanagrams):
Resistance	Ancestries
Gainly	Laying
Admirer	Married6
Sadder	Dreads
Protectional	Lactoprotein
Orchestra	Carthorse
Creative	Reactive
Deductions	Discounted
Listen	Silent
Replays	Parsley
Crudities	Diuretics
Paternal	Parental7
Angered	Enraged8
Discriminator	Doctrinairism
Serbia	Rabies

More anagrams here:

Free funny anagrams.
Anagrams of common sayings.
Anagrams of Famous People's names.
Celebrity one-word anagrams.
Rude anagrams. (not for children or the easily offended)
Footnotes:
by Cory Calhoun.
by Larry Brash.
by Larry Brash.
by Steve Krakowski.
by Morton L. Mitchell, of Missouri, 1928.
by James J. Bradley, of New York, 1902.
by William A. Moore, Jr, of Illinois, 1899.
Do you know anyone else who would enjoy this? Email this page to a friend.
Also: Sign up for our free web site updates here.

Add anagram to post, tops, opts:
Pots